# COVID_19_mortality_rate-analysis

Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The disease was first identified in December 2019 in Wuhan, the capital of China's Hubei province, and has since spread globally, resulting in the ongoing 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic. Common symptoms include fever, cough and shortness of breath. Other symptoms may include fatigue, muscle pain, diarrhoea, sore throat, loss of smell and abdominal pain. While the majority of cases result in mild symptoms, some progress to viral pneumonia and multi-organ failure. As of 13 April 2020, more than 1.8 million cases have been reported in more than 200 countries and territories, resulting in more than 114090 deaths. More than 421497 people have recovered.
# Transmission
Some details about how the disease is spread are still being determined. The WHO and CDC say it is primarily spread during close contact and by small droplets produced when people cough, sneeze or talk; with close contact being within 1–3 m (3 ft. 3 in–9 ft. 10 in). A study in Singapore found that uncovered coughing can lead to droplets traveling up to 4.5 meters (15 feet). A second study, produced during the 2020 pandemic, found that advice on the distance droplets could travel might be based on old 1930s research which ignored the protective effect and speed of the warm moist outbreath surrounding the droplets; it advised that droplets can travel around 7–8 meters.

Kaggle link : https://www.kaggle.com/kalyanmohanty/covid-19-world
